Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Why isn't this just...
Oh. I know.
-You've put on weight.
-No. Where?
It's 'cause you don't exercise.
You should learn from Theo. right?
-Hey. wait. Where did...
-Finally.
Theo!
-Looks like we got quite a bit.
-Yeah.
It was definitely worth coming back.
-Hmm.
-Hey. anyone seen Theo?
Oh. that's weird.
Wasn't he just over there?
Ugh. great.
Take care of the rest.
Lulu. get ready to take off
at a moment's notice.
Theo!
Hey. Theo!
The storm's coming in!
Theo. storm's almost here.
I'm not going anywhere.
Come on. Not this again.
I want to be with my family.
Look. I don't want to lose you too.
If we work together.
you'll be able to come back someday.
With the Empire's advances.
we can surely help.
Why else did we do all this?
The Empire won't answer any of our calls.
There's nowhere left for us to go.
Every planet...
All we are to them is a nuisance.
If they'd just hear us out.
I'm sure they'd be willing to take us in.
Ah.
Here.
Lulu. get us out of here now!
Thanks for the help.
My name is Ron.
What happened to this planet?
Hmm. They used it for carbonite mining.
but during the war.
it was abandoned and left to waste away.
It's leaking in gas form. being released
by quakes like the last one.
Now a third of the planet
is carbon-frozen.
That city we left probably is too.
So you're saying
you have lost your planet?
Not just our planet.
we've lost so much more.
So many precious things.
This here is concentrated carbonite gas.
We're doing research on it.
so we can. one day. take back our home.
We'll keep at it.
We haven't given up hope just yet.
Lulu. switch out the controls.
Hi. Lulu.
Uh. hang on.
Does this mean you know Joona?
I told you to be careful.
Uh. excuse me. but.
uh. where did you come from?
What kind of ship do you have?
I like really fast ships.
They're my favorite!
Other people
wanna talk to her too. you know!
You know what? I'm a tough fighter.
I'm gonna be the strongest
in the whole galaxy!
Leon!
Come on! I know you have questions too.
I'm just asking for you.
What does meiloorun fruit
taste like?
Hey. is it really true that Coruscant
is totally covered in cities?
Hello! This is my friend.
His name is Imly.
Imly. nice to meet you.
Hey. did the Jedi really exist?
I heard the Jedi are the bad guys
who started the war.
Me too! That's why I want to work
for the Empire when I grow up.
so I could beat the bad guys.
Getting older
isn't the same as growing up.
Gather lots of experiences.
then you will truly grow up.
There's no such thing as the Force. right?
That's all made up.
You'll have to figure that out by studying
and observing things yourself.
so you can make your own decisions.
Huh?
Knowledge and experience
complement imagination.
That helps you notice things.
things you wouldn't have seen before.
For example. someone else's feelings.
-Huh?
-There's more to reality than what we see.
And not everything seen is true.
On the other hand.
there are some things you can believe in.
even if you can't see them.
Evil takes advantage
of people's ignorance and conflict.
fosters ignorance.
Suspicion eats away at people.
and eventually leaves wounds
on one's heart.
Does that hurt?
Is Joona gonna heal it for you?
-Mei. you can't just...
-It's all right.
This is a wound
that I have to heal by myself.
By yourself?
Yes.
This works.
Thank you. Joona.
Just try to be more careful next time.
Hmm.
Looks like you struck a chord
back there.
Have you considered teaching?
I think you'd be good at it.
Not unlike your master.
I don't know.
It's just because I'm little!
Wait till I'm grown up!
And what of Master Yoda?
He was small and strong.
Why don't you consider
staying for a while?
Thank you. but I would
rather not wear out my welcome.
"Wear out?"
Someday I will come
and visit you on your planet.
That planet
that even the Empire abandoned.
Well. I suppose I'll just have
to take your word for it.
Oi!
Huh?
This is the
Imperial Star Destroyer Oppressor.
This message is for the Jedi
hidden aboard this ship.
Surrender immediately.
-Please. Ron. I wanna go too!
-The shot we fired was merely
-a warning.
-I need you to protect Joona.
-If you refuse to comply...
-But. Ron!
...we will not hesitate
to shoot down your ship.
A great many innocent people will die
as a result of your non-compliance.
So you really are a...
-Thank you for all your help.
-If you go. they'll kill you.
If I don't go. they'll kill everyone.
You can't.
I'm sorry about this.
Truly.
Don't turn yourself in.
If you go alone. you can outrun them.
Perhaps. but I can't do that.
Why? Is this some Jedi code?
If you do this.
it's the same as giving up!
Ron!
Theo.
The Empire came here for us. but I...
I can't...
What are our options?
This is a cargo ship full of refugees.
If they shoot us at this distance.
we don't stand a chance.
Now once I'm on board.
you navigate back here. okay?
As if I'd let you do this alone.
I'm gonna turn in a Jedi
and claim my reward.
Wow. what a reception!
And who are you?
I'm here to claim my reward.
Here.
-Hmm.
-Hey. you! Over here.
Uh. can we get some grub first?
-The refugee life makes a decent meal...
-Bring the Jedi to Zero.
Get inside.
We finally meet.
Shad-Rah...
I go by the name Zero now.
This flower.
you left it at my grave. didn't you...
F?
But. how?
I watched you die.
Yes. it's true that I died.
But I was given a second chance.
and so I returned.
Allow me to guide you once again.
my young Padawan.
Master.
The informant vanished.
Find him!
All right. you're up. Lulu.
Guide me to the control room.
Make sure those troops don't find me.
The Jedi were misguided.
It was their mistakes
that brought about the war.
And so the Jedi must be destroyed.
No. it can't be
Hear me. Padawan.
No. You're a proper Jedi now. aren't you?
I'm giving you a chance
to become my apprentice once again.
A chance to correct your misguided ways.
Your choice.
Will you eliminate the Jedi with me?
Or will you die as a Jedi?
What's the matter?
Take that lightsaber
and give me an answer.
Hurry up!
I am not going to fight you.
Then you'll run again.
"Again?"
Don't you remember?
You ran away from being a Jedi.
Ran from the war.
You're always running. even from yourself!
I hate the war that killed me.
I hate the Jedi who caused the war.
I gave my life to protect you
and you fled from the war.
And I hate you. too!
Master.
Lulu. it's about time we get out of here.
Hey. you there!
Lulu!
-There he is.
-Get that door up ahead!
You were the one who saved my life.
and I'm grateful.
And because of that...
...I will continue to protect people.
Just like how you taught me to.
You're only here
because they turned you in.
Those weaklings are the ones
who've driven you into this corner.
What value do they have?
Why save the likes of them?
Come on. Ron.
Hey. you there!
Stop! Stop right there!
Saving them?
Don't be ridiculous.
It is by supporting each other
that peace can be born.
My master followed
the path of the Jedi and lost his life.
-And so...
-Hmm.
...I will continue to live
as that master taught me.
As a Jedi.
Your skills are no match for me.
You can't strike me down.
I may not have the saber skills
to cut you down.
but that doesn't mean I can't stop you.
My. how you've grown!
Master!
There's been an explosion
in Engineering!
This ship is unable
to maintain its position!
Way to go. kid.
Now's your chance.
Jump to hyperspace.
What about you?
It's okay. I'll be right behind you.
Besides. there's still something
I have to do.
We're counting on you.
Look after Leon for me. Joona.
All hands.
Activate the hyperdrive!
You've made quite a mess.
Seems so.
Thank you.
Sorry we ended up
causing so much trouble.
No.
I'm grateful.
Uh...
Thank you.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm